Query: add optional tenancy enforcement (#6756)
thanos-io/thanos: CHANGELOG.md

- [#6874](https://github.com/thanos-io/thanos/pull/6874) Sidecar: fix labels returned by 'api/v1/series' in presence of conflicting external and inner labels.

### Added

> - [#6756](https://github.com/thanos-io/thanos/pull/6756) Query: Add the following options to allow enforcement of tenancy on the query path: `query.enable-tenancy`, `query.tenant-label-name`.

Reviewer: Let's mention ecosystem integration as well. :)
```suggestion
- [#6756](https://github.com/thanos-io/thanos/pull/6756) Query: Add `query.enable-tenancy` & `query.tenant-label-name` options to allow enforcement of tenancy on the query path, by injecting labels into queries (uses prom-label-proxy internally).
```
